Fallback wasm to asm on iOS Safari due to instablity (#16)
hajimehoshi/stbvorbis.js: README.md

Copy `build/stbvorbis.js` to your file server and load it via a script tag.

> This library uses WebAssembly. But wasm on iOS Safari is STILL unstable even if it is iOS 13 :sob: , so we fallbacked it asm.js on iOS. So, if you want to use stbvorbis.js on iOS, copy `build/stbvorbis_asm.js` to the same directory as `build/stbvorbis.js` so that asm.js version is used as fallback.

Reviewer: This library basically uses WebAssembly. stbvorbis.js also has asm.js implementation for environments where WebAssembly is not available. On iOS, stbvorbis.js always uses asm.js instead due to instability of iOS WebAssembly implementation. Copy `build/stbvorbis_asm.js` to the same directory as `build/stbvorbis.js` so that asm.js version is used as fallback.

Author: ```suggestion
This library basically uses WebAssembly. stbvorbis.js also has asm.js implementation for environments where WebAssembly is not available. On iOS, stbvorbis.js always uses asm.js instead due to instability of iOS WebAssembly implementation. Copy build/stbvorbis_asm.js to the same directory as build/stbvorbis.js so that asm.js version is used as fallback.
```

Reflected ;-)

> This library basically uses WebAssembly. stbvorbis.js also has asm.js implementation for environments where WebAssembly is not available. On iOS, stbvorbis.js always uses asm.js instead due to instability of iOS WebAssembly implementation. Copy build/stbvorbis_asm.js to the same directory as build/stbvorbis.js so that asm.js version is used as fallback.

Author: ```suggestion
This library basically uses WebAssembly. stbvorbis.js also has asm.js implementation for environments where WebAssembly is not available. On iOS, stbvorbis.js always uses asm.js instead due to instability of iOS WebAssembly implementation. Copy `build/stbvorbis_asm.js` to the same directory as `build/stbvorbis.js` so that asm.js version is used as fallback.
```
